about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
<img src="/images/David_hu_portrait.JPG" style="width: 300px;position: relative;float: left;margin: 10px;">
<p style="position: relative;"><br/>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:white;color:rgba(0,0,0,0.7);">Xuehao Hu - 胡学浩 - David <br/> 
		 Unserious blogger, Absentminded coder, 51% Cynical and 49% Aloof.</span><br/><br/>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(0,49,107,1);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="">Resume</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Request resume through email.</span>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(74,144,226,1);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/xuehaohu">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/in/xuehaohu</span>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(0,0,0,0.6);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="https://github.com/10000TB">GitHub</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;https://github.com/10000TB</span>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(245,166,35,1);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="mailto:xuehao.hu@gmail.com?Subject=Hello%20again">Email:</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;xuehao.hu@gmail.com</span><br/>
	<span style="width:300px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(238,11,11,0.6);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="color:white;">What I do:&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="background-color:white;color:rgba(0,0,0,0.7)">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Read, Blog, and Sometimes code<span></span>
<p style="margin-top: 15px;position: relative;padding-top: 5px;">
</p>


<Strong>Some facts about me</Strong>:
<br/>
‣ I received my bachelor of science degree(computer science) from <a href="https://www.colostate.edu/">Colorado State University</a> Dec 2016. Go Rams!<br/>
‣ I jumped from 110th floor of a building and managed to stay alive.<br/>
‣ I used to not believe in weekends and holidays.<br/>
‣ I am deeply proud of two colleges I attended in China anf US (Although they both suck in those funny college rankings).<br/>
‣ I still believe degree is just a piece of paper, and what you can do is unlimited wherever you went to college.<br/>
‣ 我喜欢眼高手低这个俗语：年轻的我本来经验阅历就不多，手很低，我若是眼再不高，那我还有什么用？<br/>
‣ I am a 4-years old League of Legends(Lol, 撸啊撸) player(as of 2018), and I am still in Bronze IV. <br/>
‣ Do not try to ask me in person how my chinese name prounce, remeber my fallback name is: David (My chinese name prounces: SHOO-how HOO). <br/>
<br/>

Commit message:

uodate about me
Added a new section for what I believe with some entries and adjusted
some entries in some facts about me section

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
<img src="/images/David_hu_portrait.JPG" style="width: 300px;position: relative;float: left;margin: 10px;">
<p style="position: relative;"><br/>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:white;color:rgba(0,0,0,0.7);">Xuehao Hu - 胡学浩 - David <br/> 
		 Unserious blogger, Absentminded coder, 51% Cynical and 49% Aloof.</span><br/><br/>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(0,49,107,1);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="">Resume</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Request resume through email.</span>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(74,144,226,1);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/xuehaohu">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;https://www.linkedin.com/in/xuehaohu</span>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(0,0,0,0.6);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="https://github.com/10000TB">GitHub</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;https://github.com/10000TB</span>
	<span style="width:80px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(245,166,35,1);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<a style="color:white;" href="mailto:xuehao.hu@gmail.com?Subject=Hello%20again">Email:</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;xuehao.hu@gmail.com</span><br/>
	<span style="width:300px;height:30px;background-color:rgba(238,11,11,0.6);color:white;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="color:white;">What I do:&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="background-color:white;color:rgba(0,0,0,0.7)">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Read, Blog, and Sometimes code<span></span>
<p style="margin-top: 15px;position: relative;padding-top: 5px;">
</p>


<Strong>Some facts about me</Strong>:
<br/>
‣ I received my bachelor of science degree(computer science) from <a href="https://www.colostate.edu/">Colorado State University</a> Dec 2016. Go Rams!<br/>
‣ I jumped from 110th floor of a building and managed to stay alive.<br/>
‣ I used to not believe in weekends and holidays.<br/>
‣ I am deeply proud of two colleges I attended in China anf US (Although they both suck in those funny college rankings).<br/>
‣ I am a 4-years old League of Legends player(as of 2018). <br/>
‣ In case it is hard for you pronounce my chinese name, remeber my fallback name is: David (My chinese name prounces: SHOO-how HOO). <br/>
<br/>
<br/>

<Strong>What I believe</Strong>
‣ 年轻人眼高手低并不是坏事：年轻人本来经验阅历就不多，手很低，若是眼再不高，不甚追求，那他/她还有什么用<br/>

‣ Whenever I think about the fact that I only have limited time throughout my life, when today passes, my life turn one day shorter. Then, I have no reason to complain and be passive, and I can always turn myself positive to things and do all that I can to work, win, love and leave no regrets behind.<br/>

‣ I still believe degree is just a piece of paper, and what you can do is unlimited wherever you went to college.<br/>
